c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MAIN.exe
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MAIN.deps.json
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MAIN.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MAIN.dll
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MAIN.pdb
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.dll
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MODEL.dll
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.UI.dll
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.UI.pdb
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.pdb
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MODEL.pdb
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MAIN.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MAIN.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MAIN.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MAIN.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MAIN.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MAIN.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MAIN.dll
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\PPM.MAIN.dll
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MAIN.pdb
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MAIN.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\BJULURI\Downloads\Prolifics Project Management (1)\Prolifics Project Management\PPM.MAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\PPM.MAIN.dll
